startSale scanId
startSale enterId
scanId showStockItems
enterId showStockItems
showStockItems scanId
showStockItems enterId
showStockItems addItemToSale
addItemToSale scanId
addItemToSale enterId
addItemToSale finishSale
finishSale cashPayment
finishSale cardPayment
cashPayment updateInventory
cardPayment updateInventory
updateInventory manageExpressCheckout
showProducts chooseItem
showStockItems chooseItem
chooseItem generateOrder
generateOrder chooseSupplier
chooseSupplier checkDelivery
checkDelivery rollInOrder
rollInOrder updateInventory
checkDelivery sendProductBack
updateInventory startSale
selectStore CreateReport
selectEnterprise CreateReport
showStockItems changePrice
changePrice updateInventory
updateInventory productExchange